[nrf52] Dcdc (#5596)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/nrf52.md

- **board** (*Required*, string): The board type. Valid options are `adafruit_feather_nrf52840`, `adafruit_itsybitsy_nrf52840`, `xiao_ble`. Other boards should work with those configuration as well.
- **bootloader** (*Optional*, string): Bootloader type. Valid options are `mcuboot`, `adafruit`, `adafruit_nrf52_sd132`, `adafruit_nrf52_sd140_v6`, `adafruit_nrf52_sd140_v7`. Default value depends on board type.

> - **dcdc** (*Optional*, boolean): Enable DC/DC converter for REG1 stage. Default true.

Reviewer: We should explain what the the DCDC converter does and why someone would want to disable it.

Author: done

> - **dcdc** (*Optional*, boolean): Enable DC/DC converter for REG1 stage. Default true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **dcdc** (*Optional*, boolean): Enable DC/DC converter for REG1 stage. Defaults to `true`.
```
